Update the elastic-agent resource consumption docs (#1414)
elastic/ingest-docs: docs/en/ingest-management/elastic-agent/install-elastic-agent.asciidoc

make sure you run these commands without prepending them with `./` to avoid
invoking the wrong binary.
* Running {agent} commands using the Windows PowerShell ISE is not supported.

> * See also the <<elastic-agent-installation-minimum-requirements,minimum requirements>> described on this page.

Reviewer: If we're changing from "minimum" to "resource", we should update the link target and its text too.

Author: The anchor was not changed, but you are right; it should be renamed, and to rename the reference.

* {eck-ref}/k8s-elastic-agent.html[Run {agent} on ECK] -- for {eck} users
--

[IMPORTANT]
.Restrictions in {serverless-short}
====
If you are using {agent} with link:{serverless-docs}[{serverless-full}], note these differences from use with {ess} and self-managed {es}:

* The number of {agents} that may be connected to an {serverless-full} project is limited to 10 thousand.
* The minimum supported version of {agent} supported for use with {serverless-full} is 8.11.0.
====

[discrete]
[[elastic-agent-installation-resource-requirements]]
== Resource requirements

The {agent} resources consumption is influenced by the number of integration and the environment its been running on.

Using our lab environment as an example, we can observe the following resource consumption:

// lint ignore mem
[discrete]
=== CPU and RSS memory size

// lint ignore 2 vCPU 16.0 GiB

> We tested using an AWS `m7i.xlarge` instance type with 4 vCPUs, 16.0 GB of memory, and up to 12.5 Gbps of bandwidth. The tests ingested a single log file, running with the throughput preset with self monitoring enabled.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We tested using an AWS `m7i.xlarge` instance type with 4 vCPUs, 16.0 GB of memory, and up to 12.5 Gbps of bandwidth. The tests ingested a single log file using both the throughput and scale preset with self monitoring enabled. These tests are representative of use cases that attempt to ingest data as fast as possible. This does not represent the resource overhead when using [Elastic Defend](https://www.elastic.co/docs/current/integrations/endpoint).
```

* {eck-ref}/k8s-elastic-agent.html[Run {agent} on ECK] -- for {eck} users
--

[IMPORTANT]
.Restrictions in {serverless-short}
====
If you are using {agent} with link:{serverless-docs}[{serverless-full}], note these differences from use with {ess} and self-managed {es}:

* The number of {agents} that may be connected to an {serverless-full} project is limited to 10 thousand.
* The minimum supported version of {agent} supported for use with {serverless-full} is 8.11.0.
====

[discrete]
[[elastic-agent-installation-resource-requirements]]
== Resource requirements

The {agent} resources consumption is influenced by the number of integration and the environment its been running on.

Using our lab environment as an example, we can observe the following resource consumption:

// lint ignore mem
[discrete]
=== CPU and RSS memory size

// lint ignore 2 vCPU 16.0 GiB

> We tested using an AWS `m7i.xlarge` instance type with 4 vCPUs, 16.0 GB of memory, and up to 12.5 Gbps of bandwidth. The tests ingested a single log file using both the <<output-elasticsearch-performance-tuning-settings,throughput and scale preset>> with self monitoring enabled.

Author: remind to self update the instance type, this instance type is the initial testing

[discrete]
[[elastic-agent-installation-minimum-requirements]]
== Resource requirements

The {agent} resources consumption is influenced by the number of integration and the environment its been running on.

Using our lab environment as an example, we can observe the following resource consumption:

// lint ignore mem
[discrete]
=== CPU and RSS memory size

> // lint ignore 4 vCPU 16.0 GiB We tested in AWS m7i.xlarge instance type that has 4 vCPUs, 16.0 GiB of memory and up to 12.5 Gibps of bandwidth. Ingesting a single log file, running with the throughput preset with self-monitoring enabled.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
// lint ignore 4 vCPU 16.0 GiB 
We tested using an AWS `m7i.xlarge` instance type with 4 vCPUs, 16.0 GB of memory, and up to 12.5 Gbps of bandwidth.
The tests Ingested a single log file, running with the throughput preset with self-monitoring enabled.
```

@alexsapran, Thanks for adding this! I hope you don't mind a comment while the PR is still a draft. Here's how the output will render:

![Screenshot 2024-10-31 at 10 05 09 AM](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7aaa63f9-e463-4959-b200-cc1e32b5ef4a)

Author: No, not at all. I was hoping to render like that and keep the previous table format. 

If we feel we should adjust to something else, let me know, I'm happy to adjust.

Reviewer 3: Looks good! My only suggestion is to rephrase line 81 a bit:

```
We tested using an AWS `m7i.xlarge` instance type with 4 vCPUs, 16.0 GB of memory, and up to 12.5 Gbps of bandwidth.
The tests ingested a single log file, running with the throughput preset with self monitoring enabled.
```

Apart from that I think it's perfect! 👍

=== CPU and RSS memory size

// lint ignore 2 vCPU 16.0 GiB

> We tested using an AWS `m7i.xlarge` instance type with 4 vCPUs, 16.0 GB of memory, and up to 12.5 Gbps of bandwidth. The tests ingested a single log file using both the throughput and scale preset with self monitoring enabled. These tests are representative of use cases that attempt to ingest data as fast as possible. This does not represent the resource overhead when using [Elastic Defend](https://www.elastic.co/docs/current/integrations/endpoint).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We tested using an AWS `m7i.xlarge` instance type with 4 vCPUs, 16.0 GB of memory, and up to 12.5 Gbps of bandwidth. The tests ingested a single log file using both the throughput and scale preset with self monitoring enabled. These tests are representative of use cases that attempt to ingest data as fast as possible. This does not represent the resource overhead when using {integrations-docs}/endpoint[{elastic-defend}].
```

This just converts the link to Asciidoc style and uses our variable for "Elastic Defend".
